[core] ConsisID (#10140)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/consisid.md

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->
# ConsisID

> [ConsisID](https://github.com/PKU-YuanGroup/ConsisID) is an identity-preserving text-to-video generation model, which keep the face consistent in the generated video by frequency decomposition. There is a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhlgC-bI5SQ) show its powerful function. It has the following features:
> 
> ​	🔥 **Frequency Decomposition**: The characteristics of the DiT architecture are analyzed from the frequency domain perspective, and based on these characteristics, a reasonable control information injection method is designed.
> 
> ​	🔥 **Consistency Training Strategy**: We propose a coarse-to-fine training strategy, dynamic masking loss, and dynamic cross-face loss, which further enhance the model's generalization ability and identity preservation performance.
> 
> ​	🔥 **Inference Without Fine-Tuning**: Previous methods required case-by-case fine-tuning of the input ID before inference, leading to significant time and computational costs. In contrast, consisid is tuning-free.

Reviewer: Hype video is nice, but I think most users would rather read the docs! :)

```suggestion
[ConsisID](https://github.com/PKU-YuanGroup/ConsisID) is an identity-preserving text-to-video generation model that keeps the face consistent in the generated video by frequency decomposition. The main features of ConsisID are:

- Frequency decomposition: The characteristics of the DiT architecture are analyzed from the frequency domain perspective, and based on these characteristics, a reasonable control information injection method is designed.
Consistency training strategy: A coarse-to-fine training strategy, dynamic masking loss, and dynamic cross-face loss further enhance the model's generalization ability and identity preservation performance.
- Inference without finetuning: Previous methods required case-by-case finetuning of the input ID before inference, leading to significant time and computational costs. In contrast, ConsisID is tuning-free.
```

> For more information, please refer to the [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2411.17440). This guide will walk you through using ConsisID for use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will walk you through using ConsisID for use cases.
```

  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c4ea113-47cd-4295-b643-a10e2a566823" style="height: auto; width: 600px;"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2ffb154f-23dc-4314-9976-95c0bd16810b" style="height: auto; width: 2000px;;"></td>
    <td>The video captures a boy walking along a city street, filmed in black and white on a classic 35mm camera. His expression is thoughtful, his brow slightly furrowed as if he's lost in contemplation. The film grain adds a textured ......</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d48cb0be-0a64-40fa-8f86-ac406548d592" style="height: auto; width: 600px;"></td>
    <td><img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9eb298a3-4c2a-407e-b73b-32f88895df22" style="height: auto; width: 2000px;;"></td>
    <td>The video features a man standing at an easel, focused intently as his brush dances across the canvas. His expression is one of deep concentration, with a hint of satisfaction as each brushstroke adds color and form ......</td>
  </tr>
</table>

> ## Citation
> 
> If you find consisid useful in your research, please consider giving a star and citation.
> 
> ```BibTeX
> @article{yuan2024identity,
>   title={Identity-Preserving Text-to-Video Generation by Frequency Decomposition},
>   author={Yuan, Shenghai and Huang, Jinfa and He, Xianyi and Ge, Yunyuan and Shi, Yujun and Chen, Liuhan and Luo, Jiebo and Yuan, Li},
>   journal={arXiv preprint arXiv:2411.17440},
>   year={2024}
> }
> ```

Reviewer: The docs don't typically contain citations. You could put a resources section here though with links to your paper and video

```suggestion
## Resources

Learn more about ConsisID with the following resources.
- A [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PhlgC-bI5SQ) demonstrating ConsisID's main features.
- The research paper, [Identity-Preserving Text-to-Video Generation by Frequency Decomposition](https://hf.co/papers/2411.17440) for more details.
```

<!--Copyright 2024 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->
# ConsisID

[ConsisID](https://github.com/PKU-YuanGroup/ConsisID) is an identity-preserving text-to-video generation model that keeps the face consistent in the generated video by frequency decomposition. The main features of ConsisID are:

- Frequency decomposition: The characteristics of the DiT architecture are analyzed from the frequency domain perspective, and based on these characteristics, a reasonable control information injection method is designed.

> Consistency training strategy: A coarse-to-fine training strategy, dynamic masking loss, and dynamic cross-face loss further enhance the model's generalization ability and identity preservation performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Consistency training strategy: A coarse-to-fine training strategy, dynamic masking loss, and dynamic cross-face loss further enhance the model's generalization ability and identity preservation performance.
```

image = "https://github.com/PKU-YuanGroup/ConsisID/blob/main/asserts/example_images/2.png?raw=true"

id_cond, id_vit_hidden, image, face_kps = process_face_embeddings_infer(face_helper_1, face_clip_model, face_helper_2, eva_transform_mean, eva_transform_std, face_main_model, "cuda", torch.bfloat16, image, is_align_face=True)

video = pipe(image=image, prompt=prompt, num_inference_steps=50, guidance_scale=6.0, use_dynamic_cfg=False, id_vit_hidden=id_vit_hidden, id_cond=id_cond, kps_cond=face_kps, generator=torch.Generator("cuda").manual_seed(42))
export_to_video(video.frames[0], "output.mp4", fps=8)
```

> <table>

Author: sure, the pr is here https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/discussions/406

> <table>

Author: @a-r-r-o-w I have revised the PR, could you help to merge? 
https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/discussions/406
